Add support for installing TLJH on Arm64 systems (#679)
jupyterhub/the-littlest-jupyterhub: docs/index.rst

Installation
============

> The Littlest JupyterHub (TLJH) can run on any server (x86_64/AMD64 and aarch64/ARM64 architectures are supported) that is running at least
> **Ubuntu 18.04**. Earlier versions of Ubuntu are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Littlest JupyterHub (TLJH) can run on any server that is running **Ubuntu 18.04** or **Ubuntu 20.04** on a amd64 or arm64 CPU architecture. Earlier versions of Ubuntu are not supported.
```
